PBM-740 Doc: Support for EC2 metadat (#610)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/configuration-options.rst

   :type: string
   :required: YES
   

>    Your access key to the storage bucket. This option can be ommitted when you run |PBM| using an EC2 instance. To learn more, refer to :ref:`automate-s3-access`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Your access key to the storage bucket. This option can be omitted when you want to run |PBM| using an EC2 instance profile. To learn more, refer to :ref:`automate-s3-access`
```

   
.. option:: storage.s3.credentials.secret-access-key

  :type: string
  :required: YES
  

>   The key to sign your programmatic requests to the storage bucket. This option can be ommitted when you run |PBM| using an EC2 instance. To learn more, refer to :ref:`automate-s3-access` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The key to sign your programmatic requests to the storage bucket. This option can be omitted when you want to run |PBM| using an EC2 instance profile. To learn more, refer to :ref:`automate-s3-access` 
```
